# Title
CP-NAS: Child-Parent Neural Architecture Search for 1-bit CNNs

## Author
Li'an Zhuo, Baochang Zhang, Hanlin Chen, Linlin Yang, Chen Chen, Yanjun Zhu, David Doermann

## Abstract
Neural architecture search (NAS) proves to be among the best approaches for many tasks by generating an application-adaptive neural architectures, which are still challenged by high computational cost and memory consumption. At the same time, 1-bit convolutional neural networks (CNNs) with binarized weights and activations show their potential for resource-limited embedded devices. One natural approach is to use 1-bit CNNs to reduce the computation and memory cost of NAS by taking advantage of the strengths of each in a uniﬁed framework. To this end, a Child-Parent model is introduced to a differentiable NAS to search the binarized architecture(Child) under the supervision of a full-precision model (Parent). In the search stage, the Child-Parent model uses an indicator generated by the parent and child model accuracy to evaluate the performance and abandon operations with less potential. In the training stage, a kernel level CP loss is introduced to optimize the binarized network. Extensive experiments demonstrate that the proposed CP-NAS achieves a comparable accuracy with traditional NAS on both the CIFAR and ImageNet databases. It achieves an accuracy of 95.27% on CIFAR-10, 64.3% on ImageNet with binarized weights and activations, and a 30% faster search than prior arts.

## Bib
@inproceedings{ijcai2020-0144,
  title     = {CP-NAS: Child-Parent Neural Architecture Search for 1-bit CNNs},
  author    = {Zhuo, Li'an and Zhang, Baochang and Chen, Hanlin and Yang, Linlin and Chen, Chen and Zhu, Yanjun and Doermann, David},
  booktitle = {Proceedings of the Twenty-Ninth International Joint Conference on
               Artificial Intelligence, {IJCAI-20}},
  publisher = {International Joint Conferences on Artificial Intelligence Organization},             
  editor    = {Christian Bessiere},	
  pages     = {1033--1039},
  year      = {2020},
  month     = {7},
  note      = {Main track}
  doi       = {10.24963/ijcai.2020/144},
  url       = {https://doi.org/10.24963/ijcai.2020/144},
}