# Title 
Practical Block-wise Neural Network Architecture Generation

## Venue
CVPR

## Author 
Zhao Zhong, Junjie Yan, Wei Wu, Jing Shao, Cheng-Lin Liu
## Abstract
 Convolutional neural networks have gained a remarkable success in computer vision. However, most usable network architectures are hand-crafted and usually require expertise and elaborate design. In this paper, we provide a block-wise network generation pipeline called BlockQNN which automatically builds high-performance networks using the Q-Learning paradigm with epsilon-greedy exploration strategy. The optimal network block is constructed by the learning agent which is trained sequentially to choose component layers. We stack the block to construct the whole auto-generated network. To accelerate the generation process, we also propose a distributed asynchronous framework and an early stop strategy. The block-wise generation brings unique advantages: (1) it performs competitive results in comparison to the hand-crafted state-of-the-art networks on image classification, additionally, the best network generated by BlockQNN achieves 3.54% top-1 error rate on CIFAR-10 which beats all existing auto-generate networks. (2) in the meanwhile, it offers tremendous reduction of the search space in designing networks which only spends 3 days with 32 GPUs, and (3) moreover, it has strong generalizability that the network built on CIFAR also performs well on a larger-scale ImageNet dataset.
## Bib
@article{DBLP:journals/corr/abs-1708-05552,
  author    = {Zhao Zhong and
               Junjie Yan and
               Cheng{-}Lin Liu},
  title     = {Practical Network Blocks Design with Q-Learning},
  journal   = {CoRR},
  volume    = {abs/1708.05552},
  year      = {2017},
  url       = {http://arxiv.org/abs/1708.05552},
  archivePrefix = {arXiv},
  eprint    = {1708.05552},
  timestamp = {Mon, 13 Aug 2018 16:47:00 +0200},
  biburl    = {https://dblp.org/rec/journals/corr/abs-1708-05552.bib},
  bibsource = {dblp computer science bibliography, https://dblp.org}
}